How some were done covering the most important parts of any amount.
Again this is just my opinion.
Obviously you can find more and more information about more and more elements but in my opinion this
would be in more than enough to get up and running with HDMI.
Now before we dive into our first Asian e-mail project I would like to cover two things that I find
really important regarding whether we are working with JavaScript whether we're working with e-mail
or sources and those would be keyboard shortcuts as well as formatting our code.
Now let's start with the easiest one which would be for the making our code.
So we already know that the amount is whitespace collapsing.
Right.
So if we're going to write here let's say paragraph organizer types some text that I'm going to have
more space and I'm gonna type more text.
I'm going to save it.
The whole text is gonna be displayed only with this one space since everything else is collapsed however
has been working in the project in our e-mail or I'm sorry with our text error.
Notice how this gets really annoying really fast where we do have these spaces and again for now we
have what we have body with one paragraph element.
I wonder if I'm gonna add another one like that if I'm going to say again another paragraph again time
some mumbo jumbo gibberish there's something like this and the idea yeah what's going to happen again
it's gonna get really hard to work.
Now granted right now I'm obviously zooming in just so we can see everything better enough material
but in general you wouldn't want something like this because it's gonna make your life really hard.
You will gonna get annoyed really really quickly.
So what would be the solution for this.
Well you could say I mean jeez just don't do that just delete everything and make sure that everything
is displayed correctly and that is true.
Yes you could do that.
However there is a better way.
There is more automated way where I don't have to worry about what I'm doing.
Meaning whether I'm actually typing everything correctly we can use the formatting for that.
And in order to get up and running with the formatting we would need to install another extension.
So already we know the spiel we all gonna have to head over what this like on click on extensions.
For now we should have like server only installed unless you installed something else.
And here on top search bar we're gonna write three and then we're gonna be looking for two T's.
This should gives us the preview here.
This is what we're looking for to install.
So we're gonna click on this and we're gonna install our as we before we installing or right after we
install it doesn't really matter.
They tell us to use this Ed in that format on site.
So this is something that we should also change in our settings.
This is kind of important for this to work.
First of all let's click on install and let's see.
By the time this is going to be done installing I'm probably going to tell you my whole life story.
No hopefully not.
But as you can see takes for some reason quite a long time.
So hopefully it will gonna be done installing and sure enough it does.
So now I can reload my text and her first of all this is gonna be my first point.
Then I would like to close probably these extensions.
We can just go back again to our folder structure and now let's navigate to the settings and again we're
gonna have to look for two things.
So first one is gonna be editor format on save.
So you can just write editor and you know this is not gonna give me what I wanted.
This probably would work better here in the Jason object.
Just write more math on save.
So this should give us an option.
And this is what I was looking for.
So we have format on paste and format on set.
So now I would like to click both of them.
And again since this is gonna auto save.
We don't need to save it anywhere else.
And now let's go back to our file.
So what's gonna happen again.
For now everything is not formatted but let's say again I'm gonna add one more paragraph so let's create
here another paragraph so I'm going to have the paragraph tags and for some reason I can get them.
And again let's write it the same way where we're just typing some something that doesn't really make
sense.
Now the moment we're gonna press save notice what happens.
So now the Visual Studio code with the help with our extension formats everything nicely.
Now I understand that now it might not seem very useful because we really have three paragraphs and
all the editorial that we did was pretty much six lines of code.
However as we're gonna start working with the project and as you're gonna keep on working with assess
and see as this project format in your code is really gonna help you out in a long run.
And by the way you did need to restart the server as obviously we did reload the server.
So I did this already behind the scenes but if you didn't do it then you're gonna have only two paragraphs
shown.
So again you would need to restart the server by going line.
And just to make my point across.
You should want to have some kind of formatting for your code because this is gonna be really painful
if you're gonna have to do it manually.